Update 101-iaas-paas-saas.md (#6023)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: src/data/roadmaps/aws/content/100-introduction/101-iaas-paas-saas.md

# IaaS vs PaaS vs SaaS

> "IaaS, PaaS, and SaaS are three types of cloud service models. **IaaS** or Infrastructure as a Service provides users with a resource-based service via virtualization technology, offering computing infrastructure, physical or (more often) virtual machines and other resources. **PaaS** or Platform as a Service provides runtime environments for developing, testing, and managing applications, it is utilized for software development and offers a platform to developers to build applications and services over the internet. **SaaS** or Software as a Service provides on-demand software accessed via the internet, it delivers a complete software solution which you purchase on a pay-as-you-go basis from a cloud service provider."
> [You-Tube Tutorial](https://youtu.be/9CVBohl6w0Q?si=cEDnXpd1sGkpf0K2)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IaaS, PaaS, and SaaS are three types of cloud service models. **IaaS** or Infrastructure as a Service provides users with a resource-based service via virtualization technology, offering computing infrastructure, physical or (more often) virtual machines and other resources. **PaaS** or Platform as a Service provides runtime environments for developing, testing, and managing applications, it is utilized for software development and offers a platform to developers to build applications and services over the internet. **SaaS** or Software as a Service provides on-demand software accessed via the internet, it delivers a complete software solution that you purchase on a pay-as-you-go basis from a cloud service provider.

Learn more from the following resources:

- [@video@IaaS vs PaaS vs SaaS cloud service models](https://youtu.be/9CVBohl6w0Q?si=cEDnXpd1sGkpf0K2)
```
